
  KODAKS
  _and_
  KODAK SUPPLIES


  1914


  CANADIAN KODAK CO., Limited
  TORONTO, CANADA




"KODAK"


Is our registered and commonlaw trade mark and cannot be rightfully
applied except to goods of our manufacture. When a dealer tries to sell
you, under the Kodak name, a camera or films or other goods not of our
manufacture, you can be sure that he has an inferior article that he is
trying to market on the Kodak reputation, and he also makes himself
liable to suit by us for damages and injunction.

_If it isn't an Eastman, it isn't a Kodak_




KODAK SERVICE


Make it simpler.

From the very inception the Kodak Idea has been--make photography so
simple that anybody can take good pictures.

Simpler cameras, simpler processes have followed each other with almost
startling rapidity. But the Kodak Company has not been satisfied with
merely making mechanical and chemical improvements; it has assumed the
responsibility of educating people in picture taking. The very first
Kodak, way back in 1888, was accompanied by a so-called "manual" that
did more than merely explain the operation of the mechanical features of
the camera. It showed how the pictures should be taken, _how_ (and how
not) to photograph a tall building, how to photograph a small
child--told about the length of exposures in different kinds of light,
both in-doors and out. It was really a primary hand-book of photography.

From that day on, every piece of Kodak apparatus, every amateur product
of the Company has been accompanied by the most concise instructions,
instructions that were also constructive because they not only told the
beginner what to do but _why he was to do it_. Even in the Kodak
advertising matter as much space is given up to telling people how to
make pictures as in telling them why they should buy Kodak goods.
Booklets in large editions, giving instructions in practically every
phase of amateur photography have been and still are distributed without
charge. Photography has not merely been made simpler, it has been
explained to all who are interested.


"Kodakery"--A Monthly Help

And now comes a new help to the beginner--"Kodakery," a little magazine
that will tell the amateur how to get better pictures. It's beautifully
illustrated. Written and edited by those who know photography inside and
out and who also know the places where the amateur has trouble, it will
be a joy and a help to every enthusiast, will add for thousands to the
Witchery of Kodakery.

Every purchaser, after May 1st, 1914, of a Kodak or Brownie camera will
be entitled to "Kodakery" for one year without charge--he may have it
continued by subscribing at 50 cents per year if he so desires. In the
back of each Kodak and Brownie manual, which we are now printing, is a
"subscription blank" which, upon being properly filled out and mailed
to--"Kodakery," Toronto, Ont.--will entitle the purchaser of such camera
to one year's free subscription to "Kodakery." At the time this plan
goes into operation there may still be some such manuals without a
subscription blank, but in such case a blank may be obtained from the
dealer of whom the camera was purchased. Every purchaser of a Kodak or
Brownie Camera is entitled to one copy of the manual or instruction book
and to one year's subscription to "Kodakery."

The editors of "Kodakery" aim first of all to make the little book a
real help. At the same time it will be interesting and its delightful
illustrations will show the beginner new possibilities in amateur
photography. This little magazine is but a part of the Kodak Service. To
sell a camera and then turn the customer adrift has never been a part of
the Kodak plan. Along with our improvements in apparatus and materials,
we have always endeavored also to improve the Kodak Service. "Kodakery"
will, we believe, prove the means of keeping us more closely than ever
in touch with our customers. In many ways it will be directly
helpful--and it will always suggest the propriety of the customer's
going to his Kodak dealer or to us, if there are little difficulties
(there are no big ones, now) to be overcome.

It is to be a real help--a part of the Kodak Idea--one more aid to the
beginner in the making of good pictures.

CANADIAN KODAK CO., Limited.

Toronto, Canada.




Kodak Ball Bearing Shutter

This shutter is automatic and as its leaves are mounted on ball bearings
it operates with remarkable smoothness and precision. The leaves open
and close in the form of a star, admitting a much larger amount of light
in the same space of time than the ordinary type of shutter. All but the
No. 0 work with bulb or finger release and have variable indicated
speeds of 1/25, 1/50 and 1/100 second as well as bulb and time
exposures.

[Illustration]

They are also fitted with indicator for registering each exposure as
made and iris diaphragm.

Supplied with Kodak Junior No. 1A, and Folding Pocket Kodaks, Nos. 1A,
R. R. Type; 3, 3A and 4. The No. 0 is supplied with the Vest Pocket
Kodak and Vest Pocket Kodak Special, and is similar to the above
excepting that it works with finger release only, has variable speeds of
1/25 and 1/50 second, and is regularly equipped with the Kodak Autotime
Scale. The No. 0 is also supplied with the Kodak Junior No. 1, but in
this instance is not fitted with autotime scale.


Pocket Automatic Shutter

This shutter has star shaped opening and is automatic in action. It
works with finger release for bulb, time and instantaneous exposures and
is perfectly reliable in every respect. Fitted with iris diaphragm stops
and regularly supplied with Nos. 1 and 1A Folding Pocket Kodaks, and
Nos. 2 and 2A Folding Pocket Brownies.

[Illustration]


Brownie Ball Bearing Shutter

The ball bearing type of shutter has been found so accurate and reliable
that we have designed a shutter on the ball bearing principle for the 3
and 3A Folding Brownie cameras.

This shutter is well made in every respect, it works with bulb and tube
or finger release, and is fitted with the Kodak Autotime Scale--a great
help for amateur photographers, especially beginners.

[Illustration]

The Brownie Ball Bearing shutter works not only for time and bulb
exposures, but has variable indicated speeds of 1/25, 1/50 and 1/100
second. It is fitted with iris diaphragm and supplied with the Nos. 3
and 3A Folding Brownie cameras.

For a more complete description of the Kodak Autotime Scale supplied
with this shutter, see page 8.


Compound Shutter

The Compound shutter is an automatic and setting shutter combined.
Automatically, either time or bulb exposures may be made, while it may
be set for speeds of from 1 to 1/150, 1/200 and 1/250 second, according
to size of shutter. The shutter leaves are formed of segments opening in
star shape, giving even illumination over the entire plate the instant
the exposure is started, and an iris diaphragm is supplied for stopping
down.

[Illustration]

Case is made of aluminum, and accurate adjustments can be made with the
shutter in any position.

Regularly supplied on the Nos. 1A, 3, 3A Special and _Six-Three_ Kodaks
and as a special equipment with the Nos. 4 and 4A Folding Kodaks.


Kodak Automatic Shutter and Kodak Autotime Scale

The Kodak Automatic shutter is carefully adjusted for time, bulb and
instantaneous exposures. It is also graduated for fractional parts of a
second, and is unusually accurate.

[Illustration]

This shutter is fitted with the Kodak Autotime scale and is supplied as
a special equipment on the Nos. 1A, R. R. Type; 3, 3A and 4 Folding
Pocket Kodaks.

The Scale greatly reduces the liability of error in exposure, as it
automatically indicates the proper time and stop opening for subjects
under any condition of outdoor photography. It is exceedingly simple to
use. The speed indicator is merely set at the point on the scale
indicating the kind of light prevailing and the diaphragm indicator at
the point indicating the character of the subject.

These scales are also supplied at a nominal charge for the following
shutters when fitted with double lenses only, and can be readily
attached by any amateur. Always order by Style letter.

Style A. For use with Kodak Ball Bearing shutter, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 and
3-1/4 × 4-1/4.

Style AA. For Kodak Ball Bearing shutter, 3 × 5-1/4, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 and 4
× 5.

Style B. For use with F. P. K. Automatic, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 and 3-1/4 ×
4-1/4, No. 1 S. V. (Blair or Premo) Automatic, or No. 1 B. & L. S. V.
Automatic shutters.

Style BB. For use with F. P. K. Automatic, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 and 4 × 5, No.
2 S. V. (Blair or Premo) Automatic, or No. 2 B. & L. S. V. Automatic
shutters.

Style C. For use with Kodak Automatic shutter, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4.

Style CC. For use with Kodak Automatic shutter, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 and 4 × 5.

Style D. For B. & L. Automatic and Century Automatic shutters, 3-1/4 ×
4-1/4.

Style DD. For use with B. & L. Automatic and Century Automatic shutters,
3-1/4 × 5-1/2 and 4 × 5.

Style DDD. For use with B. & L. Automatic shutter, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2.

Style I. For use with Kodak Ball Bearing shutter, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4.

Price, any of above styles, $1.00.


Style H. For use with No. 0, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 Compound shutter.

Style HH. For use with No. 1, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 and 4 × 5 Compound shutter.

Style HHH. For use with No. 2, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2 and 5 × 7 Compound shutter.

Price for any style Compound shutter, $1.50.


Kodak Lenses

The regular R. R. and meniscus lenses used on Kodak and Brownie Cameras
have always been the best lenses of their respective types that could be
secured. These lenses are perfectly adapted to everyday amateur
photography, producing pictures under normal light conditions that leave
nothing to be desired by the average amateur.

For those, however, who wish even greater efficiency and capabilities,
we supply the anastigmat lens equipments.

The superiority of the anastigmat lens, without attempting to go into
the technicalities of the subject, consists of--Perfect definition over
the whole negative, absolute flatness of field, and higher speed.

In R. R. lenses the tendency to lack of definition toward the edges,
which always occurs in an uncorrected lens, is so slight as to be
unnoticeable except to the most expert eye. In a true anastigmat, it is
entirely eliminated.

The speed of a lens is determined by the relative size of the diaphragm
opening. An R. R. lens cannot be used at an opening greater than 1/8 its
focal length, commonly designated as _f._ 8. But an anastigmat lens can
be so corrected as to permit the use of larger diaphragm openings and
still produce sharp, clear negatives. This larger opening admits more
light within a given time than that of the R. R. lens, hence the
anastigmat is much faster. Thus the Zeiss or Cooke Kodak Anastigmat
lens, working at an aperture of _f._ 6.3 admits 60 per cent. more light
in a given time than does the R. R.

This speed advantage enables the user to make short exposures on dull
days or under poor light conditions, where hopelessly undertimed
negatives would result with an R. R. lens. And under proper conditions,
exposures up to 1/250 second with a Compound shutter and 1/1000 with a
focal plane shutter, can be made with the anastigmat.

In the last few years there has been a steadily increasing interest in
and demand for anastigmat lens equipments among amateur photographers,
and we responded to this demand, first by furnishing the Special Kodaks
fitted with Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3--a lens fully
corrected and offering the advantage of high speed.

These have been followed by the _Six-Three_ Kodaks. These differ from
the Specials in that they are simply our regular Kodak models, without
the special covering and finish of "Specials," and fitted with
anastigmat lenses specially designed by Taylor, Taylor & Hobson, for
Kodak use and called the Cooke Kodak Anastigmat. This lens works at _f._
6.3 and is fully corrected in every particular.


Vest Pocket Kodak

The extraordinary popularity of the Vest Pocket Kodak is due not alone
to its compactness--it is so flat and smooth and small that it will
readily slip into a vest pocket--but also to the excellent quality of
its pictures, whether printed by contact or enlarged.

In fact, this little camera in itself is so very desirable and of such
general utility, that we furnish it with several different equipments to
meet any demand.

For average photography, the camera fitted with Kodak Ball Bearing
shutter and tested meniscus achromatic lens is amply efficient, for it
will make excellent pictures under ordinary conditions.

For those who want the microscopic definition of the anastigmat, we
offer the Vest Pocket Kodak, this year, fitted with the new Kodak
Anastigmat lens. This lens works at _f._ 8, it is fully corrected, and
made of the first quality of Jena glass. This makes a most desirable
outfit at a surprisingly low price for an anastigmat equipment.

Then for those who want not only the absolute sharpness and flatness of
field, but the maximum of speed as well, we offer the camera fitted with
Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.9.

[Illustration]

The appearance of the Vest Pocket Kodak is so suggestive of quality,
that it makes an ideal camera for gift purposes on holidays, birthdays,
at graduation time, and such occasions. For these purposes we have
devised the Kodak Gift Case shown in the illustration. The Vest Pocket
Kodak in this case is fitted with Kodak Anastigmat lens, _f._ 8. The
carrying case is of imported satin finish leather, in a shade of soft
brown that is in perfect harmony with the deep blue of the handsome
silk-lined container. The whole outfit possesses a quality and richness
that will appeal to the most fastidious.

The Vest Pocket Kodak with any equipment is always ready for action. It
is only necessary to pull out the front to its full extent, and the
camera is in focus for objects at any distance. The shutter is
automatic, and a convenient reversible finder, for composing the view in
either horizontal or vertical position, is provided.

[Illustration]

Another feature is the extreme simplicity in loading--nothing trappy or
fussy about it. Indeed, the operation of the camera is simple in every
detail, nothing in the way of simplicity or efficiency having been
sacrificed in order to reduce the size.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 1-5/8 × 2-1/2 inches. Capacity, 8 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 1 × 2-3/8 × 4-3/4 inches. Weight, 9
ounces. Lens, regular, meniscus achromatic, 3-inch focus. _Special_,
Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat _f._ 6.9, or Kodak Anastigmat _f._ 8. Shutter,
Kodak Ball Bearing No. 0. Brilliant reversible finder. All metal body,
black enamel finish and black leather bellows.

The Price

  Vest Pocket Kodak, meniscus achromatic lens and Kodak Ball
    Bearing shutter                                              $7.00
  Vest Pocket Kodak with Kodak Anastigmat lens _f._ 8 and Kodak
    Ball Bearing shutter                                         13.50
  Kodak Gift Case, includes Vest Pocket Kodak with Kodak
    Anastigmat lens _f._ 8, imported satin finish leather case
    and silk-lined container                                     16.50
  Vest Kodak, _Special_, Zeiss Kodak anastigmat lens, and Kodak
    Ball Bearing shutter                                         22.50
  Leather Case for Vest Pocket Kodak                               .75
  Grain Leather Case for Vest Pocket Kodak _Special_              1.50
  Imported Satin Finish Leather Case                              3.00
  Hand Bag for Vest Pocket Kodak                                   .25
  _De Luxe_ bag, suede calfskin, long straps                      1.75
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 8 exposures, 1-5/8 × 2-1/2 (No. 127)       .20
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                        .50


No. 1 Kodak Junior

So complete and varied has the Kodak line become, so altogether simple
is the operation of each camera, that each year it looks well nigh
impossible to strengthen the line or broaden the selection for the
amateur.

[Illustration]

However, the Kodak policy of never letting well enough alone has
developed two most attractive new models this year, which round off the
whole line, being built upon the idea of providing genuine
daylight-all-the-way Kodaks, with all the Kodak convenience and
dependability, for those who wish to take up photography at the minimum
of expense.

The first of these models, the No. 1 Kodak Junior, makes 2-1/4 × 3-1/4
pictures and loads with the Kodak Film cartridge of six exposures (No.
120). And for loading and unloading, the back of the camera is
constructed upon a new principle which makes it unusually easy to
remove.

A striking feature of this camera is its extreme thinness and all-around
compactness. It will readily slip into the pocket, and yet it is fully
equipped for efficient work in all branches of general amateur
photography. It is fitted with the No. 0 Ball Bearing shutter, speed
1/50 of a second, with cable release, as described on page 6, and offers
the choice of rapid rectilinear or meniscus achromatic lens. All lenses
fitted to this camera must stand the usual rigid Kodak tests.

The No. 1 Kodak Junior is provided with automatic focusing lock,
collapsible reversible finder, two tripod sockets--in fact, the
practical, convenient working equipment which one expects in a true
Kodak.

The camera is well made in every respect, it is covered with a good
quality of grain leather, and the metal parts are finished in nickel and
black enamel.

The low price means no stinting in either material or workmanship. It is
only possible through the perfection of our scientific factory
organization and the large quantities which our large distribution
enables us to make at one time.

[Illustration]

In Detail

For rectangular pictures. 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 inches. Capacity, 6 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 1-7/16 × 3-5/8 × 6-5/8 inches. Weight,
23 ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 4-1/4-inch focus. Also supplied
with rapid rectilinear lens if desired. Shutter, Kodak Ball Hearing No.
0, with cable release. (See page 6.) Brilliant, reversible, collapsible
finder. The film cartridge for this camera is the same as the one used
for No. 2 Brownie and not for No. 1 Folding Pocket Kodak.

The Price

  No. 1 Junior, Kodak with meniscus achromatic lens and Kodak
    Ball Bearing shutter                                         $7.50
  Ditto, with R. R. lens                                          9.00
  Black Sole Leather Case, with strap                             1.50
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style 1, for use with the camera when
    fitted with R. R. lens only)                                  1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures (No. 120)                      .20
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                        .50


No. 1A Kodak Junior

In this new model is offered the advantages of low cost, with Kodak
efficiency, which we have seen in the No. 1 Kodak Junior, in a camera
made upon the same principle for 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 pictures.

[Illustration]

This is one of the most popular amateur sizes, the proportion being
unusually pleasing for landscapes, street scenes, and the like, in the
horizontal position, and admirably adapted for portraiture when used
vertically.

With its strikingly thin, compact form, its reliable equipment and its
low cost, the No. 1A Kodak Junior is sure to please anyone who prefers
pictures of this size.

This model will accommodate the regular twelve exposure Kodak N. C. Film
cartridges, and thus offers the daylight-all-the-way feature of all
Kodaks.

The shutter is the Kodak Ball Bearing with cable release, which works
not only for bulb and time exposures, but has variable indicated speeds
of 1/25, 1/50 and 1/100 second. The leaves, opening in the shape of a
star, admit the greatest possible amount of light, for a
between-the-lens shutter, at each exposure.

The camera is furnished with either meniscus achromatic or rapid
rectilinear lens. In both cases the lens is carefully tested and must
conform to the high Kodak standard before it is allowed to go on the
camera.

Simplicity marks this camera in every respect. It is made with the new
style back--unusually easy to remove for loading and unloading. It has
an automatic focusing lock, which permits the camera to be brought to
focus quickly for objects at any distance. The finder is of the new
collapsible type; it is reversible, and two tripod sockets are
furnished, so that the camera may be easily used in either the vertical
or horizontal position.

So compact that it will readily slip into the pocket, this camera offers
that high standard of efficiency which is inseparable from the Kodak
idea. The back and bed are made of aluminum, the covering is genuine
leather, and metal parts are finished in nickel and black enamel.

[Illustration]

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 inches. Capacity, 12 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 1-5/8 × 3-3/4 × 8 inches. Weight, 28
ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 5-inch focus. Also supplied with R.
R. lens if desired. Shutter, Kodak Ball Bearing with cable release. (See
page 6.) Brilliant, reversible, collapsible finder.

The Price

  No. 1A Kodak Junior, with meniscus achromatic lens and
    Kodak Ball Bearing shutter                            $ 9.00
  Ditto, with R. R. lens                                   11.00
  Black Sole Leather Case, with strap                       1.50
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style A, for use with camera when
    fitted with double lens only)                           1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures (No. 116)               .50
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                         .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                  .50


Nos. 1 and 1A Folding Pocket Kodaks

[Illustration]

These little Kodaks are designed for those who wish compact folding
cameras which can be easily carried in the pocket and which will make
pictures without the necessity of focusing or estimating distances.

Upon opening the camera the front springs automatically into position,
ready at once for making pictures of objects at any distance. A
reversible finder makes composition easy, and slight pressure of the
shutter lever makes the exposure.

When closed the bed folds over front and bellows, concealing all
adjustments, and the camera can then be very conveniently carried in any
coat pocket. The camera is made of aluminum, with best seal grain
leather covering and has nickel fittings. They differ only in the size
of the pictures they make.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, No. 1, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 inches; No. 1A, 2-1/2 ×
4-1/4 inches. Capacity, each 12 exposures without reloading. Size of
Kodak, No. 1, 1-5/8 × 3-1/2 × 6-3/4 inches; No. 1A, 1-3/4 × 3-7/8 ×
7-3/4 inches. Weight, No. 1, 16 ounces; No. 1A, 22 ounces. Lens,
meniscus achromatic, No. 1, 4-inch focus; No. 1A, 5-inch focus. Shutter,
Pocket Automatic. (See page 6.) Brilliant reversible finder.

The Price

                                                       No. 1    No. 1A
  Folding Pocket Kodak, with meniscus achromatic
    lens, Pocket Automatic shutter                    $10.00    $12.00
  Black Sole Leather Case, with shoulder strap          1.50      1.50
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures (No. 105 for
    No. 1, No. 116 for No. 1A)                           .40       .50
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                     .20       .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                              .50       .50


No. 1A Folding-Pocket Kodak--R. R. Type

[Illustration]

This is a camera of greater capabilities and wider scope than those
previously described--the first of that series of double lens Kodaks
which have played such a prominent part in the development and
popularization of amateur photography.

These cameras are fitted with the best R. R. lenses to be had, each one
carefully tested to the highest standard and fitted only if it conforms
to that standard. The shutter is of the Kodak Ball Bearing type.

The camera as a whole makes a compact, inexpensive outfit, considering
its capabilities, and one which, though suitable for the most serious
work, will slip readily into the pocket, and is so simple that it may be
effectively handled by the beginner.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 inches. Capacity, 12 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 8 × 2 × 3-3/4 inches. Weight. 26
ounces. Lens, double combination, rapid rectilinear, speed, _f._ 8,
focal length, 5 inches. Shutter, Kodak Ball Bearing. (See page 6.)
Automatic focusing lock. Two tripod sockets. Brilliant reversible
finder.

The Price

  No. 1A F.P.K., R.R. Type, R.R. lens, Kodak Ball Bearing shutter  $15.00
  Ditto, with Kodak Automatic shutter                               20.00
  Black Sole Leather Carrying Case, with strap                       1.50
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style A)                                     1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 (No. 116)         .50
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                                  .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                           .50


Nos. 3 and 4 Folding Pocket Kodaks

These cameras are made for two standard amateur size pictures and are
similar in every essential respect excepting in the matter of size. The
No. 3 makes 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 pictures--a favorite with many, and especially
suitable for lantern slide making, as the slide can be printed by direct
contact. The No. 4 makes 4 × 5 pictures and is preferred by many on
account of the comparatively large size which it is possible to get of
the objects in the composition.

[Illustration]

Both cameras offer the usual Kodak simplicity, and the exceptional lens
and shutter equipment which assures the user the maximum of efficiency
in all work where an anastigmat equipment is not necessary. The
illustration on the opposite page shows the No. 3.

The shutter is the Kodak Ball Bearing, in which is mounted an R. R. lens
which must stand the most rigid test before it is passed by our
inspectors. This lens works at _f._ 8, and as the leaves of the Kodak
Ball Bearing shutter open in the shape of a star, the greatest possible
amount of light is admitted at this opening--a fact which makes the
instruments especially valuable for snap-shot work.

The cameras are equipped with rising and sliding front--a great
convenience in architectural and many forms of landscape photography,
and an automatic focusing lock is provided so that either can quickly be
brought to focus at any-distance.

While these models, of course, are designed for the use of our roll
films, either can be loaded with plates at any time by the addition of a
simple plate adapter or combination back (supplied extra). This is
interchangeable with the regular back, is provided with ground glass for
focusing and takes double plate holders. (See similar back illustrated
on page 20.)

Both cameras are handsomely finished throughout. Back and bed are of
aluminum, metal parts are highly nickeled, and covering is of fine
quality grain leather.

[Illustration]

In Detail

For rectangular pictures. No. 3, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 inches; No. 4, 4 × 5
inches. Capacity, 12 exposures without reloading. Size of Kodak, No. 3,
1-3/4 × 4-1/2 × 7-1/2 inches: No. 4, 2-1/4 × 5-3/4 × 9 inches. Weight,
No. 3, 23 ounces: No. 4, 2 pounds 11 ounces. Lens, double combination,
rapid rectilinear, speed. _f._ 8, focal length. No. 3, 5 inches: No. 4,
6-3/4 inches. Shutter, Kodak Ball Bearing. (See page 6.) Rising and
sliding front. Two tripod sockets. Brilliant reversible finder with
hood. Automatic focusing lock.

The Price

                                                            No. 3    No. 4
  F. P. Kodak., R. R. lens and Kodak Ball Bearing shutter  $17.50   $20.00
  Ditto, with Kodak Automatic shutter                       22.50    25.00
  Ditto, with Compound shutter, highest speed 1/200 second
    and Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3                        57.00
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style A for No. 3, Style AA for
    No. 4)                                                   1.00     1.00
  Black Sole Leather Case, with strap                        1.75     2.00
  Combination Back, with ground glass                        3.50     3.50
  Double Glass Plate Holders                                 1.00     1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge. 12 exposures (No. 118 for No. 3.
    No. 123 for No. 4)                                        .70      .90
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                          .35      .45
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                  .25      .30
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                   .50      .50


No. 3A Folding Pocket Kodak

The best thought of our manufacturing organization has been put into
presenting in this model a moderate priced camera for general amateur
photography that is the embodiment of skill and painstaking care.

[Illustration]

It has in fact come to be recognized as the standard in hand cameras,
and every suitable improvement made, or new idea evolved in the years in
which it has been on the market, has been incorporated in its
construction.

The 3A Folding Pocket Kodak was the first camera made for 3-1/4 × 5-1/2
pictures--a size which has become the most popular of all amateur sizes.
Its proportions are just right for post cards, it is unusually effective
for landscapes and street scenes when used horizontally; while
vertically, it is ideal for portraiture, whether full length or head and
shoulders, when the camera is fitted with Kodak Portrait Attachment.

The camera is fitted with tested R. R. lens, the Kodak Ball Bearing
shutter, and rising and sliding front. And it is so simple that a
beginner can make good pictures with it from the start.

[Illustration: Showing Combination Back with Focusing Screen]

Like the No. 3, this model will accommodate plates as well as films by
the simple addition of a combination back, which is interchangeable with
the regular back. This may be secured from any dealer, it is fitted with
ground glass and takes double plate holders.

This camera is covered with best quality of fine grain leather, and has
nickeled fittings.

[Illustration]

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 inches. Capacity, 10 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 9-1/2 × 4-3/4 × 2 inches. Weight, 41
ounces. Lens, double combination, rapid rectilinear, speed, _f._ 8,
focal length, 6-3/4 inches. Shutter, Kodak Ball Bearing. (See page 6.)
Two tripod sockets. Brilliant reversible finder with hood. Automatic
focusing lock.

The Price

  No. 3A F. P. Kodak, R. R. lens, Kodak Ball Bearing shutter      $20.00
  Ditto, with Kodak Automatic shutter                              25.00
  Black Sole Leather Case, with strap                               2.00
  Kodak Automatic Scale (Style AA)                                  1.00
  Combination Back                                                  3.50
  Double Glass Plate Holders, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, each                   1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 10 exposures, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 (No. 122)        .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                                 .40
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                         .30
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                          .50


No. 4A Folding Kodak

For very large size pictures, we offer the No. 4A Folding Kodak--a
camera which combines all the simple and convenient Kodak features in a
very light and compact camera, considering the size of the pictures it
makes. It is fully equipped for out-of-the-ordinary work, as well as for
snap-shot and general amateur photography.

[Illustration]

One of its special features is its adaptability to home portraiture.
Fitted with the Kodak Portrait Attachment, it will make bust portraits
up to the full size of the film, as it may be operated as close as 3-1/2
feet to the subject. A plate adapter (extra) with focusing screen,
interchangeable with the regular back, will permit the use of dry plates
if desired.

The shutter supplied with this model is a double valve automatic, which
works not only for time and bulb exposures, but is also graduated in
fractional parts of a second from 1/100 to 1. The lens is a Rapid
Rectilinear of the same high quality as those supplied with the
preceding Kodaks.

The camera is equipped with rising and sliding front, rack and pinion
for easy focusing, two tripod sockets and a very positive automatic
standard clamp. The regular finder is a brilliant reversible, but when
desired, a direct view finder can be furnished for specially quick
snap-shot work with the camera held on a level with the eyes.

Constructed with the same care and attention to detail as the preceding
model, the No. 4A is just as simple to operate, and is finished in the
same style, with seal grain covering and nickeled fittings.

[Illustration]

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2 inches. Capacity, 6 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 11×6-1/2×2-5/8 inches. Weight, 4
pounds 4 ounces. Lens, double combination, rapid rectilinear, speed,
_f._ 8, focal length, 8-1/4 inches. Shutter, B. & L. Automatic. Rising
and sliding front. Rack and pinion for focusing. Two tripod sockets.
Brilliant reversible finder with hood.

The Price

  No. 4A F. Kodak. R. R. lens. B. & L. Automatic shutter     $35.00
  Ditto, with Zeiss Kodak anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3           67.00
  Ditto, with Compound Shutter, highest speed 1/150 second    77.00
  Kodak Autotime Scale for regular equipment (Style DDD)       1.00
  Ditto, for Compound Shutter (Style HHH)                      1.50
  Black Sole Leather Case, with strap                          2.50
  Glass Plate Adapter, with ground glass                       5.00
  Double Glass Plate Holders, each                             1.25
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2 (No. 126)    .65
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                    .45
  Direct View Finder                                           2.00
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                     .50


Panoram Kodaks

The Panoram Kodak does a special kind of work--a very desirable kind of
work which cannot be done with a camera of any other type.

As its name implies, it is constructed so as to take panoramic pictures
of outdoor groups, landscapes, mountain views, and the like.

For instance, in making a picture of an outdoor group of twelve or
fifteen people, with an ordinary camera, they would have to be arranged
in two or three rows to get good sized images, but with a Panoram they
can be arranged in a semi-circle, at a given distance from the camera,
and all appear in the picture in one row and of the proper relative
size. Again, in making a landscape, the sweep of the Panoram lens will
take in the complete view, while the scope of the ordinary camera could
only permit a portion of it to be taken at one exposure.

In addition to its use for making horizontal pictures, the camera may be
as easily used in the vertical position, and decidedly unique pictures
of high waterfalls, mountain peaks and such subjects can be secured.

The lens is mounted on a pivot and when the exposure is to be made, by
pressing a lever the lens automatically swings on this pivot from one
side of the camera to the other, embracing an angle of over 100 degrees.
At the same time, the shutter operates automatically with great
precision, insuring even illumination throughout the exposure.

There is no complication whatever in operation, the whole process is
automatic; it's just as easy to make pictures with the Panoram as with
any other Kodak.

Those who already have other Kodaks or contemplate purchasing such, will
find this a valuable addition to their photographic equipment for the
making of out-of-the-ordinary pictures.

Panoram Kodaks use the regular daylight loading N. C. Kodak film, they
are carefully made, have genuine leather coverings and nickeled
fittings.

The No. 1 has a scope of 112 degrees, while the No. 4 embraces an angle
of 142 degrees. Panoram Kodaks cannot be used successfully indoors.

[Illustration]


No. 1 Panoram Kodak

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 2-1/4 × 7 inches. Capacity, 6 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 3-3/8 × 4-3/8 × 7-3/8 inches. Weight,
24 ounces. Lens, specially selected as to quality and focal length.
Shutter, Panoram. Two tripod sockets. Brilliant finder with hood. Uses
No. 1 F. P. Kodak cartridges.

The Price

  No. 1 Panoram Kodak                                             $10.00
  Black Sole Leather Carrying Case, with shoulder strap             2.50
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures, 2-1/4 × 7 (No. 105)             .40
  Ditto, 3 exposures                                                 .20


No. 4 Panoram Kodak

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 3-1/2 × 12 inches. Capacity, 4 exposures
without reloading. Size of Kodak, 4-3/4×5-5/8×10-1/8 inches. Weight. 2
pounds 14 ounces. Lens, specially selected as to quality and focal
length. Shutter, Panoram. Two tripod sockets. Brilliant finder with
hood. Uses No. 4 B. E. cartridges.

The Price

  No. 4 Panoram Kodak                                             $20.00
  Black Sole Leather Carrying Case, with shoulder strap             3.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 4 exposures, 3-1/2 × 12 (No. 103)            .75
  Ditto, 2 exposures                                                 .45


Nos. 1A and 3 Special Kodaks

The Special Kodaks are made upon the idea of providing the very best
possible in hand cameras. A fine anastigmat lens, made expressly for
hand camera work, a high speed, accurate shutter, a complete operating
equipment, and the best materials procurable, richly finished--these,
moulded together by the most expert camera workmen in the world, leave
nothing to be desired by the user, whether he be beginner or expert.

[Illustration]

Aside from the requirements of the focal plane specialist, there is no
condition under which amateur pictures can be made, in which these
cameras will not produce the best possible results.

The Nos. 1A and 3 Specials are alike in every respect excepting in
size--the No. 1A making 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 pictures and the No. 3 the larger
3-1/4 × 4-1/4 size.

Each is fitted with the Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat lens working at a maximum
opening of _f._ 6.3, and with the Compound shutter attaining a speed of
1/250 second. The fast lenses give the Specials a great advantage over
the ordinary camera in dull lights, and in combination with the Compound
shutter, make them second only to cameras having focal plane shutters
for photographing rapidly moving objects.

They have rising and sliding fronts, reversible finders, rack and pinion
for focusing, spirit levels, in fact every useful convenience that can
be put into a hand camera. The No. 3 size will take plates by addition
of a combination back (supplied extra).

Made as the last word in photographic perfection, these cameras are
beautifully finished. Covered with genuine Persian Morocco, with rich
black leather bellows and nickeled fittings, they bear the impress of
the quality that is in them.

[Illustration]

In Detail

Size of Kodak. No. 1A, 2×3-3/4×8 inches; No. 3, 1-7/8×4-1/2×8 inches.
Weight, No. 1A, 30 ounces; No. 3, 32 ounces. Lens, Zeiss Kodak
anastigmat, speed, _f._ 6.3, focal length. No. 1A, 5 inches; No. 3, 5
inches. Shutter, Compound. (See page 7.) Two tripod sockets. Brilliant
reversible finder, with hood. Spirit level. Rack and pinion for
focusing.

The Price

                                                  No. 1A        No. 3
                                               2-1/2×4-1/4   3-1/4×4-1/4
  Special Kodak, Zeiss Kodak anastigmat lens,
    _f._ 6.3, and Compound Shutter                $46.00       $48.00
  Ditto, with Cooke Series IIIa, _f._ 6.5 lens     56.50        58.50
  Ditto, with B. & L. Zeiss Tessar Series IIb
    lens, _f._ 6.3                                 56.50        58.50
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style H)                    1.50         1.50
  Grain Leather, Velvet Lined Case, with strap      3.00         3.00
  Combination Back                                               4.00
  Double Glass Plate Holders, each                               1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures (No. 116 for
    No. 1A, No. 118 for No. 3)                       .50          .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                 .25          .35
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                      .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                       .50


No. 3A Special Kodak

To combine in one instrument every feature that could add to practical
efficiency and yet retain the pocket Kodak convenience and simplicity
was the work that we set for ourselves in designing the 3A Special
Kodak. In no respect did we fall short of that work. In this camera no
essential to good picture making is omitted, yet it has no unnecessary
"contraptions" to annoy and befog the beginner. It is recognized as the
highest type of hand camera for the amateur--skilled or unskilled.

[Illustration]

The 3A Special Kodak is equipped with the Zeiss Kodak Anastigmat lens,
_f._ 6.3, the anastigmat made especially for hand camera work and
combining speed, depth and definition in an unusual degree. The shutter
is the Compound, operated by either cable or finger release and having a
maximum speed of 1/200 second.

With this equipment it is possible to get well-timed pictures, under
light conditions that would be fatal to good results with the ordinary
camera and in bright light to make successful exposures as short as
1/200 second.

The 3A Special has a most complete equipment in keeping with the high
grade of work for which it is designed. It has both rising and sliding
front, reversible finder, rack and pinion for focusing, spirit level,
double focusing scale--one for films and the other for plates.

The camera body is made of aluminum, producing a very light, yet strong
and durable, instrument. The finish and appointments are of the richest.
The covering is genuine Persian Morocco, the bellows is of black
selected leather, and these in connection with the highly nickeled
fittings and dull black enameled shutter add that look of quality that
is in harmony with its genuine efficiency and worth.

[Illustration]

In Detail

Size of Kodak, 9-1/2 × 4-3/4 × 2 inches. Weight, 42 ounces. Lens, Zeiss
Kodak anastigmat, speed, _f._ 6.3, focal length, 6-3/4 inches. Shutter,
Compound, with cable release. (See page 7.) Two tripod sockets.
Brilliant reversible finder, with hood. Spirit level. Rack and pinion
for focusing.

The Price

  No. 3A Special Kodak, Zeiss Kodak anastigmat lens. _f._ 6.3
    and Compound shutter                                        $60.00
  Ditto, with Cooke Series IIIa _f._ 6.5 lens                    66.50
  Ditto, with B. & L. Zeiss Tessar Series IIb lens, _f._ 6.3     71.00
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style HH)                                 1.50
  Grain Leather, Velvet Lined Case, with strap                    3.50
  Combination Back                                                4.00
  Double Glass Plate Holders, each                                1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 10 exposures (No. 122)                     .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                               .40
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                       .30
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                        .50


_Six-Three_ Kodaks

[Illustration]

From the time that the Kodak catalogue appeared last year, containing
the first announcement of the _Six-Three_ Kodaks, it was evident that
these cameras were to score a great success. The demand for them grew,
as it were, over night, and has steadily kept up ever since.

This is a natural enough condition, when it is considered that
_Six-Three_ Kodaks provide those who want the anastigmat advantages of
definition, flatness of field, and speed, at the minimum of expense,
with suitably equipped and fully reliable cameras.

To produce such cameras we have taken the regular Folding Pocket Kodak
models and replaced the R. R. lens and Ball Bearing shutter equipments
with the Compound shutter with cable release and the Cooke Kodak
anastigmat lens. This lens is an anastigmat of first quality, fully
corrected and working at a maximum speed of _f._ 6.3.

For other details on any _Six-Three_ Kodak, merely refer to the detailed
specifications of the corresponding regular model.

The Price

  _Six-Three_ Kodak No. 1A, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4, Cooke Kodak
    anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3, and Compound shutter,
    highest speed 1/250 second                                      $37.00
  _Six-Three_ Kodak No. 3, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4, Cooke Kodak
    anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3, and Compound shutter,
    highest speed 1/250 second                                       39.00
  _Six-Three_ Kodak No. 3A, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, Cooke Kodak
    anastigmat lens, _f._ 6.3, and Compound shutter,
    highest speed 1/250 second                                       48.00
  Kodak Autotime Scale (Style H for Nos. 1A and 3, Style HH
    for No. 3A)                                                       1.50

For prices on carrying cases, films, etc., see price list of
corresponding regular models.


No. 1 Brownie

[Illustration]

This, the first of the Brownies, is really responsible for the entire
line of these popular cameras. Originally produced as a camera
particularly for the children, the No. 1 Brownie made such good pictures
in their hands as to excite the interest of grown-up people, and the
success obtained by its use created a demand for similar inexpensive
cameras for pictures of larger size. The No. 1 Brownie is exceedingly
simple to operate and each camera has to undergo the regular Kodak
inspection, before being sent out.

The scope of view is ordinarily located by V-shaped lines at the top,
but if preferred the Brownie finder (detachable) illustrated below, can
be fitted at an extra charge of 25 cents.

Has automatic shutter for time or snap-shot exposures, and will make
good portraits when fitted with Kodak Portrait Attachment.

In Detail

For square pictures, 2-1/4 × 2-1/4 inches. Capacity, 6 exposures without
reloading. Size of camera, 4-7/8 × 3-1/8 × 3 inches. Weight, 8 ounces.
Lens, meniscus, 3-3/4-inch focus. Shutter, Eastman Rotary, with one
stop.

The Price

  No. 1 Brownie Camera, meniscus lens. Eastman Rotary shutter    $1.00
  No. 1 Brownie Carrying Case, holds camera and finder             .50
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures, 2-1/4 × 2-1/4 (No. 117)       .15
  Brownie Finder, detachable                                       .25
  No. 1 Brownie Developing and Printing Outfit, including paper
    for 24 prints                                                  .90
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                        .50

[Illustration]


Nos. 2 and 2A Brownies

[Illustration]

Simple, sturdy, reliable, these inexpensive little cameras have stood
the test of years, and will be found in the hands of many thousands of
people all over the world, who are making perfectly satisfactory
pictures with them. They are especial favorites with the children on
account of their great simplicity, but they are withal so practical that
they have been readily taken up by grown-up people who wish to make
pictures in the easiest possible manner and at the minimum of expense.

Each has two finders, automatic shutter, carefully tested lens, and
imitation leather covering. They differ from each other only in the size
of the pictures they make and in their lenses.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, No. 2, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 inches; No. 2A, 2-1/2 ×
4-1/4 inches. Capacity, No. 2, 6 exposures without reloading; No. 2A, 12
exposures without reloading. Size of camera, No. 2, 5-5/8 × 4 × 3-1/4
inches; No. 2A, 3-7/16 × 5-1/8 × 6-1/8 inches. Weight, No. 2, 13 ounces;
No. 2A, 21 ounces. Lens, No. 2, meniscus; No. 2A, meniscus achromatic.
Shutter, Eastman Rotary, with three stops. Two finders.

The Price

                                                        No. 2     No. 2A

  No. 2 Brownie Camera, meniscus lens, Eastman Rotary
    shutter                                             $2.00
  No. 2A Brownie Camera, meniscus achromatic lens,
    Eastman Rotary shutter                                        $3.00
  Brownie Carrying Case, with shoulder strap              .75       .75
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures (No. 116)                      .50
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures, (No. 120 for No. 2.
    No. 116 for No. 2A)                                   .20       .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                               .50       .50
  A B C Developing and Printing Outfit (see page 46)     1.50      1.50


No. 3 Brownie

[Illustration]

For those who want larger pictures, the No. 3 Brownie offers the same
simplicity, the same reliability and the same proportionately low cost,
in a camera for 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 pictures, as do the smaller Brownies.

This camera is capable of producing excellent pictures in the hands of
the young or the old, and its negatives are of such quality as to yield
very good enlargements by use of the inexpensive Brownie Enlarging
Camera. In fact, this is a feature of all Brownies.

By the addition of a Kodak Portrait Attachment this instrument can be
used with excellent success in home portraiture.

The No. 3 Brownie is well made in every respect. It has durable
imitation leather covering, metal parts are nickeled and it offers the
daylight-all-the-way feature of the Kodaks.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 inches. Capacity, 12 exposures
without reloading. Size of camera, 6-1/8 × 4-3/8 × 5-1/8 inches. Weight,
24 ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 5-inch focus. Shutter, Eastman
Rotary, with three stops. Two tripod sockets. Two finders.

The Price

  No. 3 Brownie Camera, meniscus achromatic lens, Eastman
    Rotary shutter                                            $4.00
  No. 3 Brownie Carrying Case, with shoulder strap             1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 (No. 124)   .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                            .35
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                    .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                     .50


No. 2 Folding Pocket Brownie

[Illustration]

The folding Brownies are made upon the same idea of simplicity and low
cost as the box forms. They are so closely related to the
Kodaks--offering, as they do, the daylight-all-the-way feature and made
in the Kodak factories, by Kodak workmen--that they well deserve the
name "little cousins of the Kodaks."

The No. 2 is a very dainty little camera which will slip readily into an
ordinary pocket, and make excellent pictures the all-by-daylight-way. It
is fitted with our Pocket Automatic shutter working for time, bulb and
snap-shot exposures, in which is mounted an excellent meniscus lens.
Fitted with Kodak Portrait Attachment, this becomes a good camera for
home portraiture, and the negatives which it makes will yield excellent
5 × 7 enlargements by use of the Brownie Enlarging Camera.

The camera is carefully finished throughout, it has imitation leather
covering and nickeled fittings.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 inches. Capacity, 6 exposures
without reloading. Size of camera, 6-7/8 × 3-5/8 × 2-1/8 inches. Weight,
16 ounces. Lens, meniscus, 4-1/2-inch focus. Shutter, Pocket Automatic.
(See page 6.) Two tripod sockets. Automatic focusing lock. Reversible
finder.

The Price

  No. 2 Folding Pocket Brownie, meniscus lens, Pocket Automatic
    shutter                                                      $5.00
  No. 2 Folding Pocket Brownie Carrying Case                       .75
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 6 exposures, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 (No. 120)       .20
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                        .50


No. 2A Folding Pocket Brownie

[Illustration]

The pleasing proportions of the pictures taken by this little Brownie,
combined with its simple operation and reliability, have made it one of
the most popular cameras of the whole Brownie line.

For effective landscape composition and full and three-quarter length
portraits, the shape of its pictures is ideal. And when fitted with
Kodak Portrait Attachment, it may be operated close up to the subject
for bust portraits.

Identical in construction and general design with the No. 2, this model
can as easily be carried in the pocket, works for time, bulb and
instantaneous exposures, and is well finished throughout. Attractively
covered with best imitation leather, and metal parts are highly
nickeled.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 inches. Capacity, 12 exposures
without reloading. Size of camera, 8-1/2 × 2 × 3-5/8 inches. Weight, 23
ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 5-inch focus. Shutter, Pocket
Automatic. Two tripod sockets. Automatic focusing lock. Reversible
finder.

The Price

  No. 2A Folding Pocket Brownie, meniscus achromatic lens,
    Pocket Automatic shutter                                   $7.00
  No. 2A Folding Pocket Brownie Carrying Case                    .90
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4 inches
    (No. 116)                                                    .50
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                             .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                      .50


No. 3 Folding Brownie

[Illustration]

Always an efficient camera, the capabilities of the No. 3 Folding
Brownie have been still further increased by the addition of the Brownie
Ball Bearing shutter. This shutter, made upon the same principle as the
Kodak Ball Bearing, with its star-shaped opening and smooth, accurate
action, makes the camera especially effective for snap-shot work.

No. 3 Folding Brownies are well made, dependable cameras in every
respect, they have the simplicity and daylight-all-the-way feature of
their big cousins, the Kodaks, and offer the choice of either double or
single lens equipment. Illustration shows camera with single lens.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 inches. Capacity, 12 exposures
without reloading. Size of camera, 8-3/8 × 4-5/8 × 2-5/8 inches. Weight,
25 ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 5-inch focus. Shutter, Brownie
Ball Bearing. (See page 7.) Automatic focusing lock. Two tripod sockets.
Reversible finder.

The Price

  No. 3 Folding Brownie Camera, meniscus achromatic lens.
    Brownie Ball Bearing shutter                                  $ 9.00
  Ditto, with R. R. lens and Brownie Ball Bearing shutter          11.00
  No. 3 Folding Brownie Carrying Case                               1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 12 exposures, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4 (No. 124)        .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                                 .35
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                         .25
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                          .50


No. 3A Folding Brownie

[Illustration]

Like the No. 3, the efficiency of this model has been greatly augmented
by addition of the Brownie Ball Bearing shutter.

It offers the choice of either single or double lens, and working with
the usual Brownie simplicity, it makes a highly effective camera, for
the popular 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 pictures, at low cost.

This camera will produce extremely good results in general amateur
photography, under ordinarily favorable conditions, and when fitted with
Kodak Portrait Attachment, becomes a most dependable outfit for home
portraiture. It is covered with durable imitation leather, has nickeled
fittings and a neat, attractive appearance. Illustration shows camera
with double lens.

In Detail

For rectangular pictures, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 inches. Capacity, 10 exposures
without reloading. Size of camera, 2-5/8 × 4-5/8 × 9-7/8 inches. Weight,
34 ounces. Lens, meniscus achromatic, 6-1/2-inch focus. Shutter, Brownie
Ball Bearing. (See page 7.) Automatic focusing lock. Two tripod sockets.
Reversible finder.

The Price

  No. 3A Folding Brownie Camera, meniscus achromatic lens,
    Brownie Ball Bearing shutter                                  $10.00
  Ditto, with R. R. lens and Brownie Ball Bearing shutter          12.00
  No. 3A Folding Brownie Carrying Case                              1.00
  N. C. Film Cartridge, 10 exposures (No. 122)                       .70
  Ditto, 6 exposures                                                 .40
  Ditto, "double-two" cartridge, 4 exposures                         .30
  Kodak Portrait Attachment                                          .50


Brownie Enlarging Camera

The average amateur usually thinks of enlarging as an intricate,
expensive process, requiring considerable skill and experience. But such
is not the fact. Even a youngster can make first-rate enlargements with
a Brownie Enlarging Camera. It's just as easy as printing on Velox
paper. In fact the two processes are very much the same, excepting that
in printing, the negative and paper are in close contact, while in
enlarging, the paper is at some distance from the negative, with a lens
in between.

[Illustration]

As shown in the illustration, the Brownie Enlarging Camera is simplicity
itself. It's just a light-tight cone with an attachment at the small end
to hold the negative, and another at the large end for the paper.
Provision is made inside for holding the lens.

To make an enlargement, one merely places the negative and paper in
place, holds the negative end up to the light for a specified time and
then develops the paper as usual.

One of these inexpensive outfits will enable you to make enlargements at
any time from your favorite negatives.

The cameras are collapsible, so that they fold flat and may be
conveniently carried in a suit case.

The Price

  No. 2. Brownie Enlarging Camera, for 5 × 7 enlargements from
    2-1/4 × 3-1/4 negatives                                      $2.00
  No. 3. Ditto, for 6-1/2 × 8-1/2 enlargements from
    3-1/4 × 4-1/4 negatives                                       3.00
  No. 4. Ditto, for 8 × 10 enlargements from 4 × 5
    negatives (will also take 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 negatives)            4.00


V. P. Kodak Enlarging Camera

This is made upon exactly the same principle as the Brownie Enlarging
Camera, excepting that being small in itself, it is not made
collapsible.

It offers the simplest means for making 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 enlargements from
1-5/8 × 2-1/2 negatives.

The Price

  Vest Pocket Kodak Enlarging Camera    $1.75


Brownie Enlarging Camera Illuminator

[Illustration]

In enlarging with the Brownie or Vest Pocket Kodak Enlarging Camera, the
exposure may be made by daylight, but to accommodate those who wish to
do their enlarging at night or who prefer to use artificial light at all
times we have devised the Brownie Enlarging Camera Illuminator, which
assures the user a uniformly strong, even light, day or night. It is
simply constructed, and moderate in price.

The illuminator is collapsible, but when set up, has the form of a
half-round, light-proof box with socket through which is inserted an
electric light bulb.

The inner walls of this box are white and act as a reflector when the
light is turned on. At the end is a ground glass, which diffuses the
light, so that by placing negative end of the enlarging camera in
contact with this glass and turning on the electricity, an excellent
steady printing light is obtained.

The glass is provided with a hinged protector of ruby cloth, which may
be closed as soon as the exposure is completed, and the illuminator then
becomes a perfect lamp for the developing and subsequent operations with
the enlargement. Complete instructions for use are included with each
outfit, and anyone who has electric light in the house will find it
invaluable for enlarging purposes.

  Brownie Enlarging Camera Illuminator,    $3.50.


The Kodiopticon

[Illustration]

The Kodiopticon opens a new use--a new pleasure in his negatives, for
the amateur photographer. For it enables anyone who has electricity in
his house, to show sharp, well-illuminated lantern slide projections
without difficulty and at small expense.

The Kodiopticon is substantially made, and operated with an ordinary
Mazda electric lamp, at a distance of 10 feet from the sheet, will
project images of about 36 inches. A larger image may be secured by
setting the Kodiopticon a greater distance away, but the greater the
distance the less the illumination. Can also be furnished with an
electric arc lamp, when it can be used at 12 feet, with the maximum
illumination, projecting an image of about 42 inches.

The Kodiopticon has a water jacket for protection of the slides from
heat, and the price includes a strong wooden case, which, by reversing
the top, serves as a permanent stand for the outfit.

The Price

  Kodiopticon, complete with Mazda Lamp                        $25.00
  Ditto, with Hand-feed Arc Lamp and 4 ampere Rheostat,
    accommodating 110 volts                                     40.00
  Ditto, accommodating 220 volts                                42.00
  100 Watt Mazda (Tungsten) Lamp, Concentrated Filament          3.50
  Eastman Portable Background Carrier                            3.00
  Eastman Portable Background, plain, 4 × 5 feet                 1.50
  Lantern Slide Plates, 3-1/4 × 4, per dozen                      .45
  Lantern Slide Cover Glass, per dozen                            .20
  Lantern Slide Binders, per package 50 strips                    .10
  Velox Lantern Slide Films, 2-3/4 × 3-1/4, per dozen             .30
  Velox Lantern Slide Frames, per dozen                           .25
  Velox Lantern Slide Mats, 2-7/8 × 3-5/16, per 2 dozen           .05
  Nepera Solution, for developing Velox L. S. Films,
    4-ounce bottle                                                .20
  Lantern Slide Film Varnish, 4-ounce bottle                      .25


Velox Transparent Water Color Stamps

[Illustration]

An interesting and highly enjoyable diversion for the amateur
photographer is the coloring of prints. And those who use the
Kodiopticon will find that many slides are greatly improved by the
addition of color. While actual color photography is by no means
practical for general amateur use, anyone can make beautifully colored
prints by the use of Velox Transparent Water Color Stamps.

No special artistic skill, no knowledge of painting whatever is
necessary. Just a brush or two and the book of stamps, which includes
simple directions for coloring both prints and lantern slides.

Each book includes twelve sheets of colors and each sheet is divided by
perforations into twenty-two stamps. To use any color merely tear off a
stamp, place in a small saucer or palette supplied with the outfit, and
cover with about a teaspoonful of water.

The Velox Transparent Water Color Stamp Outfit offers the greatest
convenience in coloring prints, as it includes the book of stamps, three
brushes and a white enameled mixing palette, put up in a neat cardboard
case.

  Velox Transparent Water Color Stamps, complete booklet,
    12 colors                                              $0.25
  Separate Color Leaves, two sheets                          .05
  Set of 3 Special Brushes, per set                          .50
  Mixing Palette                                             .25
  Velox Transparent Water Color Stamp Outfit, including
    book, three brushes and palette                          .75


Kodak Film Tank

[Illustration]

Development, that former bugbear of the amateur photographer and
especially of the beginner, is made a simple proposition by the Kodak
Film Tank--fully as simple as any part of the photographic process.

The Kodak Film Tank automatically develops every roll of film put into
it, just as well as that roll of film could be developed by the most
experienced photographer. If directions are followed, if the chemicals
are mixed and the temperature regulated according to instructions, a boy
or girl can get just as good results from the Kodak Film Tank as an
expert by any method.

In other words, every roll of film put into the film tank, where the
simple directions are implicitly followed, will come out developed as
well, or better, than that roll of film could be developed in the dark
room by the most experienced photographer. And it is very simple, it
eliminates the dark room entirely, developing the film in broad
daylight, and is so compact as to be easily carried and used anywhere.

The Kodak Film Tank consists of a winding box, a light-proof apron, and
a heavily nickeled brass solution cup with cover. In the Brownie Film
Tank, however, no cover is necessary as the film roll itself is turned.
All articles can be packed in the box, making the entire outfit
self-contained.

The film to be developed is placed upon a reel in the winding box, the
cover is placed on the box and the film is wound around an axis in
combination with the apron, in such fashion that, when completely wound,
the apron protects the film effectually from light, and may be removed
from the winding box safely at any time. It is then lowered into the cup
of developer, the cover attached and the film left to develop for twenty
minutes. After development the film is removed for fixing.

Every step is performed in daylight and the exact time necessary for
development, in combination with the chemical formula, has been
scientifically worked out, so that all differences of exposure within
reasonable bounds are taken care of. Especial attention is called to the
new 2-1/2-inch size, for the development of 1A or 2A films.

Those who wish to develop more than one roll at a time can do so without
purchasing extra tanks complete, by securing duplicating outfits as
listed below.

The Price

  Brownie Kodak Film Tank, for use with No. 1, No. 2 and No. 2
    Folding Pocket Brownie Cartridges, complete                      $2.50
  Vest Pocket Kodak Film Tank, for Vest Pocket Cartridges, complete   2.50
  2-1/2-inch Kodak Film Tank, for use with all Kodak or Brownie
    cartridges having a film width of 2-1/2 inches or less, complete  3.50
  3-1/2-inch Kodak Film Tank, for use with all Kodak and Brownie
    cartridges having a film width of 3-1/2 inches or less, complete  5.00
  5-inch Kodak Film Tank, for use with all Kodak and Brownie
    cartridges having a film width of 5 inches or less, complete      6.00
  7-inch Kodak Film Tank, for use with No. 5 Cartridge Kodak or
    shorter film cartridges, complete                                 7.50
  Duplicating Outfit, consisting of one solution cup, one
    transferring reel, and one apron, for Brownie Kodak Film Tank     1.25
  Ditto, for Vest Pocket Film Tank                                    1.25
  Ditto, for 2-1/2-inch Kodak Film Tank                               1.75
  Ditto, for 3-1/2-inch Kodak Film Tank                               2.50
  Ditto, for 5-inch Kodak Film Tank                                   3.00
  Ditto, for 7-inch Kodak Film Tank                                   3.75
  Kodak Tank Developer Powders for Brownie Kodak Film Tank, per
    package, 1/2 dozen                                                 .15
  Ditto, for Vest Pocket Tank                                          .15
  Ditto, for 2-1/2-inch tank, per package, 1/2 dozen                   .20
  Ditto, for 3-1/2-inch tank, per package, 1/2 dozen                   .20
  Ditto, for 5-inch tank, per package, 1/2 dozen                       .25
  Ditto, for 7-inch tank, per package, 1/2 dozen                       .25
  Kodak Acid Fixing Powder, per 1/4-pound package                      .10
  Ditto, per 1/2-pound package                                         .15
  Ditto, per 1-pound package                                           .25


No. 2 Brownie Developing Box

[Illustration]

Offering the same assurance of perfectly developed film as the Kodak
Film Tank, the Brownie Developing Box is a modified form of the same, so
simple to use that any boy or girl can readily understand and operate
it.

It consists of a metal box with cover, just long enough to accommodate a
roll of No. 1 or No. 2 Brownie Film in one loop.

To develop, the roll of film is inserted in the spool carrier, and by
means of a cord and winding shaft the film is unrolled and carried
around a roller bearing, thus exposing the film to the action of the
developer.

Before unrolling the film the developer is poured in the box and the
cover put in place; all these operations being performed in daylight.
The film is then unrolled by turning the crank, when the box is rocked
on its standard for six minutes. The developer is then poured off and
box filled with water to wash out developer, after which film is removed
and fixed in daylight.

This is an excellent means, for those who have No. 1 or No. 2 Brownie
Cameras, of developing their films without the need of skill or
experience.

The Price

  No. 2 Brownie Developing Box                        $1.00
  Brownie Developing Box Powders, per package of 6      .15
  Kodak Acid Fixing Powders, 1/2-pound package          .15
  Ditto, 1/4-pound package                              .10


Eastman Plate Tank

[Illustration]

What the film tank has done for films, the plate tank does for plates.
The idea of the two tanks is based upon the same time and temperature
system of development, with, of course, such differences in actual
construction of the tanks as are required by the physical differences
between films and plates. And as plates must be unloaded in a dark room,
the plate tank cannot offer the advantage of daylight quite all the way,
but it takes only a few moments in the dark room to load this tank,
after which it may be brought out into any light for development.

The device consists of a metal solution cup with cover, a cage for
holding 12 or less plates, and a loading fixture for loading the plates
in the cage.

The exposed plates are loaded into the cage and placed in the tank,
which has been filled with developer, in the dark room and the tank
cover fastened in place. On the front of the tank is a dial for
registering time. Development is allowed to continue for fifteen
minutes, the tank being reversed several times. After development the
developer is washed out of the plates, and the fixing bath poured into
the tank, after which the plates are ready for washing in the usual
manner.

The Price

  Eastman Plate Tank, for 4 × 5, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, and smaller
    plates, includes solution cup, plate cage, loading fixture
    and adjustable kit                                           $3.50
  Ditto, 5 × 7, without kit                                       4.50
  Adjustable Kit, for 4 × 5 or 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 tank, to take
    smaller plates                                                 .50
  Separate Kits, for 5 × 7 tank, to take 3-1/4 × 5-1/2,
    4-1/4 × 6-1/2 or 4-3/4 × 6-1/2 plates, each                    .75
  Metal Insert, for 5 × 7 tank, to take 4 × 5 plates               .10
  Eastman Plate Tank Developer Powders, for 4 × 5 tank,
    per package, 1/2 dozen                                         .20
  Ditto, for 5 × 7 tank, per package, 1/2 dozen                    .35
  Kodak Acid Fixing Powder, per 1 pound package                    .25
  Ditto, per 1/2-pound package                                     .15


Developing and Printing Outfits

[Illustration]

The Eastman 3A Outfit contains every requisite for finishing twenty-four
3-1/4 × 5-1/2 or smaller pictures, and by combining a variety of
different articles and making up the outfits in large quantities, we
furnish them at a much lower price than if the articles were purchased
separately.

  One Kodak Candle Lamp                      $0.25
  One Printing Frame                           .25
  One Glass for Frame                          .05
  One 4-ounce Graduate                         .10
  One Stirring Rod                             .05
  Four Developing Trays                        .40
  Five tubes Eastman Special Developer         .25
  One half pound Kodak Acid Fixing Powder      .15
  One Package Potassium Bromide                .05
  Two dozen 3-1/4 × 5-1/2 Velox Paper          .30
  Three Eastman Metol Quinol Powders,
    for developing Velox                       .15
  Instruction Book                             .10
                                             -----
                                             $2.10

Eastman 3A Outfit, complete, neatly packed, $1.50.

  EASTMAN A B C OUTFIT, similar to above but providing
    for 4 × 5 or smaller pictures                        $1.50
  BROWNIE Developing and Printing Outfit, complete, for
    developing and printing 24 pictures 2-1/4 × 2-1/4.
    Price, complete                                        .90

_Note_--These outfits cannot be shipped by mail.


The Kodak Box No. 2

[Illustration]

The Kodak box No. 2 contains everything for picture making by the
daylight method. No dark room is necessary, and even the beginner can
get good results by following the simple, explicit directions contained
in the instruction book. This outfit is simple enough for boys and
girls, while at the same time it will make pictures which will please
the grown-up people.

The Price

  One No. 2 Brownie Camera, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4               $2.00
  One No. 2 Brownie Developing Box                       1.00
  One Roll No. 2 Brownie Film, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4              .20
  Two Brownie Developing Box Powders                      .05
  One 1/2-pound package Kodak Acid Fixing Powder          .15
  One 4-ounce Graduate                                    .10
  One Stirring Rod                                        .05
  One No. 2 Brownie Printing Frame                        .15
  One Package (1 dozen) 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 Brownie Velox       .10
  Two Eastman Metol Quinol Developer Powders              .10
  Three Paper Developing Trays                            .30
  One Dozen 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 Mounts                          .10
  One Dozen 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 Kodak Dry Mounting Tissue       .05
  One Instruction Book                                    .10
                                                        -----
                                                        $4.45

Price, complete, neatly packed, $4.00.


Kodak Portrait Attachment

There is no greater pleasure in photography than Home Portraiture, and
this little attachment, fitted to a Kodak or Brownie Camera, will enable
one to work up close to the subject and thereby secure bust portraits of
excellent quality limited in size, with the focusing Kodaks, only by the
dimensions of the film. The attachments are simply extra lenses, which
slip on in front of the regular lens, and they in no way affect the
operation of the instrument, excepting to make the lens cut sharp at
short distances.

[Illustration]

These attachments are not only serviceable for portraiture but also for
photographing any small object, such as flowers, fruits, still life
composition, at close range. Please order by number, or if required for
older models or cameras with special equipments specify shutter and size
of camera.

[Illustration: Made with Kodak and Kodak Portrait Attachment]

The Price

  No. 1. For No. 2 Brownie, No. 2 and No. 2A F. P. Brownie,
    Vest Pocket and No. 1 and No. 1A F. P. K.                    $0.50
  No. 2. For No. 2A Brownie                                        .50
  No. 3. For No. 1A Kodak Junior, both single and double lens;
    No. 1A F. P. K., R. R. Type; No. 3 F. P. K., No. 3 Folding
    Brownie                                                        .50
  No. 4. For No. 2 and No. 3 Bull's-Eye, No. 3 Brownie             .50
  No. 5. For Nos. 3A, 4 and 4A Folding Kodaks and No. 3A Folding
    Brownie                                                        .50
  No. 6. For No. 3 Special and _Six-Three_ and 1A Special
    and _Six-Three_ Kodaks                                         .50
  No. 7. For No. 3A Special and _Six-Three_ Kodaks                 .50
  No. 8. For No. 1 Kodak Junior, both single and double lens,
    and Vest Pocket Kodak Special                                  .50
  No. 9. For No. 3 F. P. K. with Kodak Automatic shutter           .50
  No. 10. For No. 1 Brownie                                        .50


Kodak Color Screens

These screens are of great value in outdoor photography, and for all
subjects embracing colors which act weakly on the sensitive film, as
they hold back the strong blue and violet rays, affording the weaker
colors time to record. The Kodak Color Screens are mounted in the same
manner as the Kodak Portrait Attachment.

The Price

  No. 1. For Vest Pocket, Nos. 1 and 1A Folding Pocket Kodaks,
    Nos. 2 and 2A Folding Pocket Brownies                        $0.50
  No. 2. For No. 2A Brownie                                        .50
  No. 3. For No. 1A Kodak Junior, both single and double lens;
    Nos. 2 and 3 Folding Pocket Kodaks; No. 1A F. P. Kodak,
    R. R. Type; and No. 3 Folding Brownie                          .75
  No. 4. For Nos. 2 and 3 Bull's-Eye and No. 3 Brownie             .75
  No. 5. For Nos. 3A, 4 and 4 A Kodaks. No. 3A Folding Brownie    1.00
  No. 6. For Nos. 1A Special and _Six-Three_ Kodaks and
    3 Special and _Six-Three_ Kodaks                               .75
  No. 7. For No. 3A Special and _Six-Three_ Kodaks                1.00
  No. 8. For No. 1 Kodak Junior, both single and double lens,
    and Vest Pocket Kodak Special                                  .50
  No. 9. For No. 3 F. P. K. with Kodak Automatic shutter           .50


Kodak Wide Angle Lenses

These lenses have a speed of _f._ 16 and are interchangeable with the
lenses furnished with the Nos. 3A and 4 Folding Pocket Kodaks, and the
No. 4A Folding Kodak. With each one we furnish a leather case and a
graduated focusing scale for the camera bed.

In ordering a Kodak wide angle lens, give size (No.) of Kodak and be
sure to specify the shutter that the lens is to be used with.

The Price

  No. 4. (4 × 5) Kodak Wide Angle Lens, equivalent focus,
    4 1/2 inches                                           $5.00
      (Also adapted to 3A Kodak.)

  No. 5. (5 × 7) Kodak Wide Angle Lens, equivalent focus,
    5 1/2 inches                                            7.50
      (Also adapted to 4A Kodak.)


Kodak Tripods

Metal Tripods

[Illustration]

These tripods have the qualities that make for service as well as good
appearance.

Light and very compact, they are yet rigid when extended because of
their special construction. The principle is that of a telescope, each
section sliding into the one above it, till the whole length is reduced
to a single section and the sections are securely fastened to one
another.

Nos. 380, 390, 400 and 410 fold up flat, the first three being supplied
in neat cases. Nos. 400 and 410 have the additional advantage of being
fitted with a patent top, which provides a broad firm table for
supporting the camera, but folds to the side when tripod is not in use.
Upper or outer sections are all black enameled, lower section brass.

  No. 320. 5 sections, length closed 14-1/2 inches    $3.00
  No. 330. 7 sections, length closed 11-3/4 inches     3.75
  No. 340. 4 sections, length closed 15-1/2 inches     2.50
  No. 380. 7 sections, length closed 11-3/4 inches     6.25
  No. 390. 7 sections, length closed 11-1/2 inches     5.00
  No. 400. 7 sections, length closed 12 inches         6.50
  No. 410. 4 sections, length closed 16 inches         3.25

Adjustable Heads (extra) fitted with ball and socket joint, suitable for
any of above Tripods.

  No. 300       $1.00
  No. 305        1.50
  No. 310        1.75


The Eastman

[Illustration]

Three sections. No. 1, maple, for cameras up to 6-1/2 × 8-1/2.

  Price,    $2.25.


The Bull's-Eye

[Illustration]

Two sections. Aluminum revolving head. Made of maple, with brass
fittings. For 4 × 5 cameras, or smaller. Length, extended, 42-1/2
inches; folded 24 inches. The only two-section tripod that will go in a
suitcase.

  Price,    $1.50.


The Standard

[Illustration]

The feature of this tripod is the automatic locking of the sections when
they are extended. Light, compact and rigid. Fixed, non-detachable head.
Length, folded. 21 inches; extended, 53-1/2 inches. Weight, 18 ounces.
Cherry finish, brass trimmings.

  Price,    $1.75.


The Flexo

[Illustration]

Two sections. Fixed, non-detachable head. Only clear, straight-grained
wood is used in its construction.

  Price,    $1.00.


Folding Pocket Kodak Tripod Adapter No. 1.

[Illustration]

A simple and effective device for holding either the No. 1 or No. 1A
Folding Pocket Kodak on a tripod in either horizontal or vertical
position. Kodak may be reversed without removing from the adapter.

  F. P. K. Tripod Adapter No. 1    $0.75


Velox Paper

Velox is the very best paper for amateur use for it is simple to use,
thoroughly dependable and is made in a variety of grades and surfaces to
fit all sorts of amateur negatives.

It prints in any light, requires no dark room and permits the amateur to
utilize his evening hours in print making. Its simplicity of
manipulation and extreme gradation make it suitable for photographic
work of every kind.

Velox is divided broadly into two kinds of paper called "Regular" and
"Special" (hard and soft) each division containing a variety of
surfaces. "Regular" papers develop quickly and are best suited for
negatives lacking contrast. "Special" papers develop slowly, and give
soft effects from hard negatives. Use "Special" Velox for negatives
producing good results on "Printing Out" paper (such as Solio), and
"Regular" only with very flat negatives (negatives lacking contrast).

Velox surfaces: In the "Regular" class are carbon (matte surface),
Glossy, Glossy double weight, Velvet, and Velvet double weight.
"Regular" Velvet Velox is semi-gloss and gives prints of exceptional
beauty. This paper will give satisfactory results from very flat
negatives.

In the "Special" class, the surfaces are Carbon (matte surface),
Portrait (smooth matte), Portrait double weight, Rough, Glossy, Glossy
double weight, Velvet, and Velvet double weight.

"Special" Velvet Velox has a greater range than any of the other
"Special" papers.

Royal Velox is coated on a soft, mellow-tinted stock, which when
re-developed affords all the soft delicacy of a rare old etching. It is
made in two grades, "Regular" and "Special" and one surface, just rough
enough to produce the desired effect.

The Price

  ---------------------------------------------------------------
                     |    Single Weight    |   Double Weight
         Size        |---------------------|---------------------
                     |Dozen|1/2 Gross|Gross|Dozen|1/2 Gross|Gross
  -------------------|-----|---------|-----|-----|---------|-----
    1-5/8 × 2-1/2    |$0.15|   $0.60 |$1.00|$0.20|   $0.75 |$1.25
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    2-1/4 × 3-1/4    |  .15|     .60 | 1.00|  .20|     .75 | 1.25
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    2-1/2 × 4-1/4    |  .15|     .70 | 1.25|  .20|     .90 | 1.55
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    3-1/2 × 3-1/2    |  .15|     .80 | 1.50|  .20|    1.00 | 1.90
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    3-1/4 × 4-1/4    |  .15|     .80 | 1.50|  .20|    1.00 | 1.90
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    3-1/4 × 5-1/2    |  .15|     .80 | 1.50|  .20|    1.00 | 1.90
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
        4 × 5        |  .25|    1.10 | 2.00|  .30|    1.40 | 2.50
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
   *3-1/4 × 6(Stereo)|  .25|    1.10 | 2.00|     |         |
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
  **3-3/8 × 6-1/2    |  .25|    1.10 | 2.00|     |         |
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    2-1/4 × 7        |  .15|     .80 | 1.50|  .20|    1.00 | 1.90
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    4-1/2 × 6-1/2    |  .30|    1.65 | 2.80|  .40|    2.05 | 3.50
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
        5 × 7        |  .35|    2.00 | 3.50|  .45|    2.50 | 4.40
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
    3-1/2 × 12       |  .45|    2.50 | 4.50|  .55|    3.15 | 5.65
                     |     |         |     |     |         |
  Velox Post-cards, 3-1/2 × 5-1/2,         |     |         |
  furnished in Regular Velvet, Special     |     |         |
  Velvet, Special Portrait, Regular Glossy,|     |         |
  Special Glossy and Regular Royal and     |     |         |
  Special Royal                            |  .20|    1.10 | 2.00
                                           |     |         |
  Ditto, Double Post-cards, 3-1/2 × 11     |     |         |
  inches                                   |  .40|    2.20 | 4.00
                                           |     |         |
  Brownie Post-cards,2-3/4×4-1/4, Regular  |     |         |
  and Special Velvet                       |  .15|     .80 | 1.50
  ---------------------------------------------------------------

     * Glossy only
    ** For use in Self-transposing Stereo Printing Frame.


Brownie Velox (one grade only)

  2-1/4 × 2-1/4, per package 2 dozen sheets           $0.15
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4, per package 1 dozen sheets             .10


Velox Sundries

  N. A. (Non-abrasion) Velox Liquid Developer, 4-ounce bottle
    (makes 20 ounces for Special, 12 ounces for Regular)             $0.25
  Ditto, 16-ounce bottle                                               .75
  Nepera Solution, per 4-ounce bottle                                  .20
  Ditto, per 16-ounce bottle                                           .60
  Nepera Capsules (for converting Nepera solution to a film or plate
    developer), per package 1 dozen                                    .15
  Velox Re-developer for Sepia Tones, per 4-ounce bottle               .50
  Ditto, 2 ounces (sufficient for 150 4 × 5 prints)                    .30
  Velox Re-developer Tubes, per package 12 tubes                       .60
  Velox Liquid Hardener, per 4-ounce bottle                            .15
  Ditto, 8-ounce bottle                                                .25
  Kodak N. A. M. Q. Developer, per package 3 tubes                     .25
  Kodak Acid Fixing Powder for fixing Velox prints, per pound          .25
  Ditto, 1/2 pound                                                     .15
  Ditto, 1/4 pound                                                     .10


Kodak Velvet Green

Effects heretofore to be had only by the laborious carbon process can
now be secured by any amateur photographer with this new paper.

For landscapes, for marines, and in fact, for the majority of outdoor
amateur negatives, the rich green of prints on Kodak Velvet Green
produces most beautiful harmonious effects, with an indescribable
"atmosphere" of nature itself.

And to use this paper the amateur has to learn no new processes nor
possess extraordinary skill. Anyone who can print on Velox paper can
print just as successfully on Kodak Velvet Green, as the two processes
after exposure are identical, and the developing solution is only
slightly changed.

The surface--a smooth semi-matte--brings out detail fully, and the paper
is supplied in both single and double weights.

Kodak Velvet Green Post-cards are very appropriate for use at vacation
time.

Prices same as for Velox. (See page 53.)


Angelo Platinum Paper

Angelo Platinum Paper is exceedingly simple to handle and yields prints
that are marvelous in gradation and delicacy. Made in Sepia only.

Angelo Sepia, unlike most Sepia Platinum Papers, develops in a cold
solution.

  Size             Price per Doz.
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2         $0.25
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4           .25
  4 × 5                   .40
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2           .40
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2           .55
  5 × 7                   .65


ANGELO SOLUTION

  Angelo Sepia Solution (2-ounce bottle)      $0.30
  Angelo Sepia Salts (2-ounce package)         0.10


Aristo Gold Post Cards

Rich sepia and purple tones. Print, wash and fix.

  Aristo Gold Post-cards, per dozen           $0.30


Solio Paper

A rapid, glossy printing-out paper.

  Size                 Per Package 2 Doz.
  2-1/2 × 2-1/2                     $0.20
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4                       .20
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4                       .20
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2                       .20
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4                       .20
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2                       .25
  4 × 5                               .25
  3-1/4 × 6 (Stereo)                  .25
  2-1/2 × 7 (No. 1 Panoram Kodak)     .25

                                 Per Doz.
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2                     $0.25
  5 × 7                               .30
  3-1/2 × 12 (No. 4 Panoram Kodak)    .35
  Post-cards                          .15
  Double Solio Post-cards             .30
  Brownie Post-cards, 2-3/4 × 4-1/4   .10

Solio Combined Toning and Fixing Solution, per 8-ounce bottle, 50 cents.
Ditto, 4-ounce bottle, 30 cents; post-paid, 50 cents. Solio Toning and
Fixing Powders, per box of 5 tubes, 25 cents.


Eastman's "Ferro-Prussiate" Postals

A "Blue Print" that retains delicacy and detail.

                                   1 Doz.
  Post-cards (in sealed tubes)     $0.15


Eastman's Permanent Bromide Papers

For enlargements. Grades: Velvet, Royal, Standard, Platino, Enameled and
Matte-enamel.

  Size          per. Doz.
  5 × 7         $0.35
  5 × 8           .40
  6-1/2 × 8-1/2   .60
  8 × 10          .80
  10 × 12        1.20
  11 × 14        1.60
  14 × 17        2.40
  16 × 20        3.20
  18 × 22        4.00

Other sizes in proportion


"How to Make Good Pictures."

Every side of Amateur Photography is treated in this little book. The
Lens, the Camera, Composition, Exposure, Developing and Printing are all
handled in a most helpful and simple manner. Flash Light and High Speed
work are described in detail. The text is made plainer by numerous
illustrations and even a child can understand clearly what is meant, for
technical terms are avoided or made perfectly plain.

The Price

  "How to Make Good Pictures," paper cover       $ 0.25
  Ditto, library edition, cloth bound              1.00


The Kodak Album

Made on a new principle, which does away with mounting prints by paste
or otherwise. They are merely slipped into pocket strips at top and
bottom, and will not come out unless removed by hand. Handsome grain
leather cover and black leaves with linen finish.

  A, 2-1/4 × 3-1/4, 25 leaves, 3 on   $2.75
  B, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4, 25 leaves, 3 on    3.00
  C, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4, 25 leaves, 3 on    3.00
  D, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, 25 leaves, 3 on    3.25
  E, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, 50 leaves, 3 on    4.25
  F, 4 × 5,         25 leaves, 2 on    3.00
  G, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2, 25 leaves, 2 on    3.25
  H, 5 × 7,         25 leaves, 2 on    3.50


The Interchange Album

An unusually long-lived album on the loose leaf principle. Has special
embossed leather cover with grain leather corners and back. Furnished
with 50 linen finish leaves--black only.

                      Pkg. 12 ex. le'v's
  A,  5 × 8    $3.00  $0.15
  B,  7 × 11    3.50    .20
  C, 10 × 12    5.00    .30
  D, 11 × 14    6.00    .40


The Agrippa Album

A new, unusually flexible loose leaf album with beautiful grain leather
covering and 50 linen finish black leaves.

                      Pkg. 12 ex. le'v's
  A,  5 × 8    $1.60  $0.15
  B,  7 × 11    1.90    .20
  C, 10 × 12    3.50    .30
  D,  9 × 14    3.75    .40


The Arena Album

Flexible, finest quality black grain leather cover.

  J, 50 Black leaves, or S, 50 Sepia leaves,  5-1/2 × 7   $1.25
  K, 50 Black leaves, or T, 50 Sepia leaves,  7 × 10       1.90
  L, 50 Black leaves, or U, 50 Sepia leaves, 10 ×  7       1.90
  M, 50 Black leaves, or W, 50 Sepia leaves, 11 × 14       3.75


The Tiber Album

A very flexible loose leaf album with imitation leather covering and 50
black leaves.

                      Pkg. 12 ex. le'v's
  A,  5 × 8    $0.80  $0.15
  B,  7 × 11    1.15    .20
  C, 10 × 12    1.90    .30
  D,  9 × 14    2.20    .40


The Forum Album

Flexible, black imitation leather embossed cover.

  A, 25 Black leaves, or N, 25 Sepia leaves, 5-1/2 × 7     $0.45
  B, 25 Black leaves, or O, 25 Sepia leaves,  7 × 10         .60
  C, 25 Black leaves, or P, 25 Sepia leaves, 10 ×  7         .60
  D, 25 Black leaves, or R, 25 Sepia leaves, 11 × 14        1.60
  E, 50 Black leaves, 5-1/2 × 7                              .60
  F, 50 Black leaves,  7 × 10                                .95
  G, 50 Black leaves, 10 ×  7                                .95
  H, 50 Black leaves, 11 × 14                               1.90


Artist's Album

Loose leaf system, silk lacing.

  No. 1, Black leaves; No. 2, White leaves; No. 3, Sepia leaves,
    5-1/2 × 7                                                        $0.25
  Extra leaves, package of 5                                           .09
  No. 4, Black leaves; No. 5, White leaves; No. 6, Sepia leaves,
    7 × 10                                                             .35
  Extra leaves, package of 5                                           .12


Snap-shot Album

Substantial card covering, soft black leaves.

  No. 19  20 pages, 5-1/2 × 7   $0.12
  No. 18  20 pages, 7 × 10        .15


Souvenir Post-card Album

Flexible, black leather embossed cloth cover.

  X,    25 Black leaves, 10 × 7, for 100 cards        $0.60
  X, R, 25 Black leaves, 11 × 14, for 200 cards        1.90
  X, T, {Flexible, Black grain leather cover}          3.20
        {25 leaves, 11 × 14, for 200 cards  }


Woodmat

A new medium for mounting prints on the "slip in" principle, giving the
effect of a rich brown wood frame.

             For Print       Outside       Each
  No. 1   2-1/4 × 3-1/4   4-3/8 × 5-3/8   $0.06
  No. 1A  2-1/2 × 4-1/4   4-5/8 × 6-3/8     .07
  No. 3   3-1/4 × 4-1/4   5-1/2 × 6-1/2     .08
  No. 3A  3-1/4 × 5-1/2   6-1/4 × 8-3/8     .09
  No. 4   4 × 5           6-3/4 × 7-3/4     .09


Eastman Film Negative Albums

  For 100 negatives, 2-1/2 × 4-1/4, or smaller    $ .75
  For 100 negatives, 3-1/2 × 3-1/2 or smaller       .75
  For 100 negatives, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4, or 4 × 5       1.00
  For 100 negatives, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, or smaller     1.00
  For 100 negatives, 5 × 7, or smaller             1.50


Kodak Mounts

VIEW

Carbon Black, and Scotch Grey, felt surface, bevelled edges, no embossed
design

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  1-5/8 × 2-1/2    3-1/4 × 4        $0.30     $0.10
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4 × 5              .35       .10
  2-1/4 × 4-1/4    4-1/4 × 6          .45       .15
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2    5 × 5              .45       .15
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5 × 6              .55       .20
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5-1/4 × 7-1/2      .65       .20
  4 × 5            5-3/8 × 6-3/8      .60       .20
  2-1/4 × 7        4 × 8-3/4          .60       .20
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2    6-1/4 × 8-1/2      .85       .25
  5 × 7            7 × 9              .95       .30
  3-1/2 × 12       5-3/8 × 13-3/4    1.10       .30


LAGOON

Jet Black, Ash Grey and White

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  2-1/4 × 2-1/4    3-5/8 × 3-5/8    $0.40     $0.10
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4 × 5              .45       .15
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4    4-1/4 × 6          .55       .15
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2    5 × 5              .55       .15
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5 × 6              .65       .20
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5-1/4 × 7-1/2      .75       .25
  4 × 5            5-3/8 × 6-3/8      .70       .20
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2    6-1/4 × 8-1/2     1.05       .30
  5 × 7            7 × 9             1.15       .35


RIVERVIEW

A Slip-in Mount, no paste needed. Grey and Brown--Oval and Square

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4 × 5            $0.75     $0.25
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4    4-1/8 × 5-7/8      .85       .30
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2    5 × 5              .90       .30
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5 × 6              .95       .30
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5 × 7             1.00       .35
  4 × 5            5-3/4 × 6-3/4     1.05       .35


GLENCAIRN

Slip-in Style, Solid Back, Grey and Buff, Square only

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4 × 5            $1.05     $0.30
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4    4-1/4 × 6         1.15       .35
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5 × 6             1.25       .40
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5-1/4 × 7-1/2     1.45       .45
  4 × 5            5-7/8 × 6-7/8     1.55       .50


RIVERA

Jet Black, White and Artists Brown, wide border, bevelled edges

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4-1/2 × 5-3/8    $0.60     $0.20
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4    5 × 6-3/4          .70       .20
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2    5-3/8 × 5-3/8      .65       .20
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5-3/8 × 6-3/8      .75       .25
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5-3/4 × 8         1.00       .30
  4 × 5            6-1/2 × 7-3/8     1.05       .30
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2    6-3/4 × 8-3/4     1.15       .35
  5 × 7            7-1/4 × 9-1/4     1.20       .35


RIDGEWAY

In duplex form, for Oval or Square Prints, Brown and Grey.

  For Prints       Size Outside     Per 50    Per doz.
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4    4 × 5            $1.05     $0.30
  2-1/2 × 4-1/4    4-1/4 × 6         1.15       .35
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4    5 × 6             1.25       .40
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2    5-1/4 × 7-1/2     1.45       .45
  4 × 5            5-7/8 × 6-7/8     1.55       .50


Stereo Mounts

Size of mount, 3-1/2 × 7; color, English Grey; per 100, $0.65; per 50,
$0.35


Kodak Dry Mounting Tissue

Mounts prints even on thin mounts without curl. The simplest method of
mounting, no apparatus being required--just fix the tissue on print, lay
on mount and press with a warm flat iron; no sticky fingers, no muss of
any kind.

The Price

  Size, 3-1/2 × 3-1/2, 3 dozen    $0.10
  Size, 3-1/4 × 4-1/4, 3 dozen      .10
  Size, 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, 2 dozen      .10
  Size, 4 × 5, 2 dozen              .10
  Size, 4-1/4 × 6-1/2, 1 dozen      .10
  Size, 5 × 7, 1 dozen              .10


Glass Dry Plates

Seed and Royal Special Extra Rapid.

  Size                                       Per doz.
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2                                 $0.35
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4                                   .45
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2                                   .65
  Royal Lantern Slide Plates, 3-1/4 × 3-1/4       .35
  Ditto, 3-1/4 × 4                                .45
  4 × 5                                           .65
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2                                   .90
  5 × 7                                          1.10
  Cover Glass, 3-1/4 × 3-1/4                      .18
  Ditto, 3-1/4 × 4                                .20
  Lantern Slide Binders, per package, 50 strips   .10


Printing Frames

  Eastman 3-1/2 × 3-1/2, opens two-thirds                      $0.25
  Eastman 3-1/4 × 4-1/4, opens two-thirds                        .25
  Eastman 3-1/4 × 5-1/2, for films, opens two-thirds             .25
  Ditto, for plates                                              .25
  Eastman 4 × 5, opens two-thirds                                .25
  Eastman 5 × 7, opens two-thirds                                .35
  Eastman 3-1/2 × 12, for No. 4 Panoram Kodak, opens in
    three sections                                               .75
  Eastman 2-1/4 × 7, for No. 1 Panoram Kodak, opens in two
    sections                                                     .30
  Brownie Printing Frame, No. 1, for 2-1/4 × 2-1/4 Developing
    paper only                                                   .10
  Brownie Printing Frame, No. 2, for 2-1/4 × 3-1/4 Developing
    paper only                                                   .15


Developing Trays

  "Bull's-Eye" Composition, 4 × 6                              $0.15
  "Bull's-Eye" Composition, 5 × 7                                .30
  "Bull's-Eye" Composition. 3 × 8-1/2                            .22
  "Bull's-Eye" Composition, 4-1/2 × 14                           .50
  Maple Leaf Enameled, 4 × 5                                     .20
  Maple Leaf Enameled, 4 × 6                                     .25
  Maple Leaf Enameled, 5 × 7                                     .35


Flash-Light Material

The simplest and safest method of making flash-light pictures is by
means of the Eastman Flash Sheets and Kodak Flash Sheet Holder. The
sheets burn slowly, giving a broad, soft light, and not so startling the
subject as to give a staring effect to the eyes.

[Illustration]

The holder is a genuine innovation. A saw tooth holds the sheet in
proper position and it is lighted from the back through an aperture
provided in the centre for the purpose. In this manner the holder is
always between the operator and the flash sheet, and it may be held in
the hand or supported on a tripod, a socket being provided for the
latter purpose.

  No. 1 Flash Sheets, per package of 1/2 dozen sheets, 3 × 4     $0.25
  No. 2 Flash Sheets, per package of 1/2 dozen sheets, 4 × 5       .40
  No. 3 Flash Sheets, per package of 1/2 dozen sheets, 5 × 7       .60
  Kodak Flash Sheet Holder                                        1.00


Kodak Magnesium Ribbon Holder

This extremely handy little apparatus provides a most convenient method
of burning magnesium ribbon for photographic purposes. It comprises at
once a compact magazine for storing the ribbon, a convenient holder
for burning it, and a ready means of measuring definite lengths.

[Illustration]

For printing on Velox and other gas light papers, lantern slides, etc.,
the ribbon is pushed forward by a movement of the thumb upon the edge of
the revolving disc until the desired length of ribbon projects from
holder.

  Kodak Magnesium Ribbon Holder                   $0.20
  Alcohol Lamp for use with above                   .25

_Flashlight Material cannot be sent by mail._


Kodak Trimming Boards

Made of hard wood, with natural finish, have fine quality steel blades
and are fitted with rule.

[Illustration]

  No. 1, capacity, 5 × 5 inches       $0.40
  No. 2, capacity, 7 × 7 inches         .60
  Transparent Trimming Gauge (extra)    .20


Kodak Candle Lamp

This clever little lamp is collapsible and can be packed into very small
space when not in use. It is made of special tested ruby fabric, bound
in metal frames and gives a strong, safe light for the dark room.

[Illustration]

  Kodak Candle Lamp                    $0.25
  Extra Candles for same, per dozen      .30


Kodak Dark Room Lamp

The Kodak Dark Room Lamp is oil burning and is fitted with both orange
and ruby glass. It has an unusually broad wick regulated from the
outside and gives a soft, steady light for the dark room.

[Illustration]

  No. 2 Kodak Dark Room Lamp    $1.00


Velox Lantern Slide Film

For use with the Kodiopticon or any other lantern slide projector that
has a water cell cooling device. With these films you can make lantern
slides by contact as easily as you can make Velox prints, the exposure,
development and printing being the same. For making slides by projection
they are as convenient as any plate.

After the slide is made, it is masked with Velox Lantern Slide Mats and
mounted in the Velox Lantern Slide Frame which has standard opening, and
eliminates the binding of the edges.

These slides are absolutely unbreakable.

Prices

  Velox Lantern Slide Films. 2-3/4 × 3-1/4, per dozen        $0.30
  Velox Lantern Slide Frames, per dozen                        .25
  Velox Lantern Slide Mats, 2-7/8 × 3-5/16, per 2 dozen        .05
  Nepera Solution, for developing Velox Lantern Slide Films,
    4-ounce bottle                                             .20
  Lantern Slide Film Varnish, 4-ounce bottle                   .25


Tested Chemicals

[Illustration]

Certainty in making negatives and prints depends as much on the quality
of your chemicals as on any other one thing. All Kodak chemicals are
tested both photographically and for purity before the C. K. C. tested
seal is allowed to go upon them. That seal is your protection.

  Kodak Chemical Outfit                                               $0.30
  Eastman Special Developer Powders, per dozen                          .50
  Ditto, per 1/2 dozen                                                  .25
  Eastman Special Developer Powders, per pkg. 5, in sealed glass tubes  .25
  Eastman Hydrochinon Developer Powders, per dozen                      .50
  Ditto, per 1/2 dozen                                                  .25
  Eastman's Pyro Developer Powders, per dozen                           .50
  Ditto, per 1/2 dozen                                                  .25
  Ditto, per package 5 powders, in sealed glass tubes                   .25
  Elon, per 1-ounce                                                     .50
  Roylon, per 1-ounce bottle                                            .50
  Hydrochinon, per 1-ounce bottle                                       .15
  Eastman's Permanent Crystal Pyro, per 1-ounce bottle                  .25
  Velox Re-Developer Tubes, package of 12 tubes                         .60
  Hypo Sulphite of Soda, granular, per pound                            .08
  Alum, powdered, per pound                                             .10
  Kodak Acid Fixing Powder, per pound package                           .25
  Ditto, per 1/2-pound package                                          .15
  Ditto, per 1/4-pound package                                          .10
  Eastman Intensifier, glass tube, per tube                             .15
  Eastman Reducer, per box of 5 tubes                                   .25
  Potassium Bromide, per ounce                                          .12
  Kodak Tested Carbonate of Soda (desiccated), per 1-pound bottle       .20
  Kodak Tested Sulphite of Soda (desiccated), per 1-pound bottle        .30

For Velox preparations see page 53. For Solio preparations, see page 55.
For Tank Developer Chemicals, see page 43.


Kodak Sundries

  Eastman Photo Paste, 3-ounce tube                            $0.15
  Ditto, 5-ounce tube                                            .25
  Eastman Thermometer                                            .50
  Thermometer Stirring Rod                                       .60
  Hard Rubber Stirring Rod                                       .20
  Eastman Film Clips, 3-1/2-inch, per pair (nickeled)            .30
  Ditto, 5-inch                                                  .35
  Kodak Film Clips, 5-inch (wood), per pair                      .15
  Focusing Cloth, per yard                                       .50
  Moulded Graduate, 4-ounce                                     .10
  Ditto, 8-ounce                                                 .15
  Ditto, 16-ounce                                                .20
  Ferrotype Plate, 10 × 14, light                                .20
  Ditto, 10 × 14, heavy                                          .25
  Ditto, 18 × 24, heavy                                          .75
  Kodak Print Roller, 2 × 6-inch rubber roller, nickeled frame   .50
  Flexo Print Roller, 4-inch rubber roller, black enameled frame .15
  Eastman's Special Squeegee, 6-inch                             .30
  Ditto, 8-inch                                                  .35


Developing and Printing on Velox Paper

  ========================================================================
                           |Developing and   |Developing| Printing only
                           |Printing Per Roll|   only   | Each Exposure
            Size           |-----------------|----------|-----------------
                           |Mounted|Unmounted| Per Roll |Mounted|Unmounted
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1-1/2 × 2     12 ex. only|  $0.90|   $0.84 |  $0.25   | $0.06 |$0.05-1/2
  1-5/8 × 2-1/2 12 ex.     |    .95|     .89 |    .40   |   .06 |  .05-1/2
  1-5/8 × 2-1/2  8 ex.     |    .65|     .60 |    .30   |       |
  1-5/8 × 2-1/2  6 ex.     |    .50|     .45 |    .20   |       |
  2-1/4 × 2-1/4  6 ex. only|    .50|     .47 |    .20   |   .06 |  .05-1/2
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4 12 ex.     |   1.40|    1.28 |    .50   |   .08 |  .07
  2-1/4 × 3-1/4  6 ex.     |    .70|     .64 |    .25   |       |
  2-1/4 × 4-1/4 12 ex.     |   1.50|    1.38 |    .70   |   .08 |  .07
  3-1/2 × 3-1/2 12 ex.     |   1.50|    1.38 |    .70   |   .08 |  .07
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4 12 ex.     |   1.50|    1.38 |    .70   |   .08 |  .07
  3-1/4 × 4-1/4  6 ex.     |    .75|     .69 |    .35   |       |
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2 10 ex.     |   1.50|    1.40 |    .80   |   .10 |  .09
  3-1/4 × 5-1/2  6 ex.     |    .90|     .84 |    .50   |       |
  4 × 5         12 ex.     |   1.80|    1.68 |   1.00   |   .10 |  .09
  4 × 5          6 ex.     |    .90|     .84 |    .50   |       |
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2  6 ex. only|   1.20|    1.05 |    .60   |.12-1/2|  .10
  5 × 7          6 ex. only|   1.20|    1.05 |    .60   |.12-1/2|  .10
  2-1/4 × 7      6 ex. only|   1.40|    1.28 |    .50   |   .16 |  .14
  3-1/2 × 12     4 ex. only|   1.40|    1.28 |    .75   |   .20 |  .17
  ========================================================================

Unmounted prints are furnished unless otherwise specified in order.

"Double Weight" prints will be billed at mounted rates.

No orders executed for less than $0.25.

Prints mounted with "Kodak Dry Mounting Tissue," no curling.


Enlargements

                             Each    Per doz.
  4-1/4 × 6-1/2, on card     $0.35   $3.00
  6-1/2 × 8-1/2, on card       .50    5.00
  8 × 10, on card              .75
  Lantern Slides               .50    5.00
  10 × 12, on card            1.00
  11 × 14, on card            1.25
  14 × 17, on card            1.50
  Larger sizes in proportion.

3-1/4 × 5-1/2 Enlargements, from 1-5/8 × 2-1/2 negatives, each,
unmounted $0.15; mounted $0.16.

No extra charge for Sepia Tones. Small extra charge for double or triple
mounting.

Where the kind of paper is not specified, we use our own judgment.


Specimen Prints

A specimen photograph made with any Kodak (not larger than 4 × 5) will
be sent to any address in Canada upon receipt of four cents in stamps;
No. 4A Folding Kodak, eight cents; No. 4 Panoram Kodak, twenty cents.




Tourists

Travelers can always obtain fresh supplies of films at any of the
following addresses:

LONDON Kodak, Limited, Kingsway, W.C.; 60 Cheapside, E.C.; 115 Oxford
Street, W.; 171-173 Regent Street. W.; 40 Strand, W.C.; 59 Brompton
Road, S. W.; 1 and 2 Gracechurch Street, E.C.

LIVERPOOL Kodak, Limited, 96 Bold Street

BIRMINGHAM Kodak, Limited, 45 Corporation Street

NEWCASTLE Kodak, Limited, 34 Grainger Street

GLASGOW Kodak, Limited, 72-74 Buchanan Street

DUBLIN Kodak, Limited, 89 Grafton Street

PARIS Kodak Société Anonyme Française, Avenue de l'Opéra 5; Place
Vendôme 4 Boulevard Des Italiens 9

LYONS Kodak Société Anonyme Française, Rue de la Republic 26

LAUSANNE Kodak Société Anonyme, Avenue Du Tribunal Federal 13

NICE Kodak Société Anonyme Française, Avenue de la Gare 34

MADRID Kodak Sociedad Anonima; Puerta Del Sol 4

BERLIN Kodak Gesellschaft, m.b.H., Leipzigerstrasse 115-116; Unter Den
Linden 26 Tauentzienstrasse 14

BRUSSELS Kodak, Limited, Rue de l'Ecuyer 36

COPENHAGEN Kodak Aktieselskab, Ostergade 1

VIENNA Kodak Gesellschaft, m.b.H. 1 Kärntnerstrasse 16

ST. PETERSBURG Kodak, Limited, Bolschaia Konnuschenaia 19

MOSCOW Kodak, Limited, Petrovka 15-16

MILAN Kodak Società Anonima; Corso Vittorio Emanule 34

ROME Kodak Società Anonima; Corso Umberto 1, 399

NAPLES Kodak Società Anonima, Via Roma 288

VENICE Kodak Società Anonima; Piazza S. Marco 52

BUDAPEST Kodak Társaság K. f. 4 Vaci-utca 9

ALEXANDRIA Kodak (Egypt) Societé Anonyme, Rue Chérif Pacha 30

CAIRO Kodak (Egypt) S. A. Opera Square

CAPE TOWN Kodak (South Africa), Limited, 92-96 St. George's Street

MELBOURNE Kodak (Australasia), Limited, 284 Collins Street

SYDNEY Kodak (Australasia), Limited, 379 George Street

BRISBANE Kodak (Australasia), Limited, 78 Queen Street

ADELAIDE Kodak (Australasia), Limited, 97 Rundle Street

WELLINGTON Kodak (Australasia), Limited, 9 Mercer Street

BOMBAY Kodak, Limited, Cook's Building, Hornby Road




Terms

The prices in this catalogue are strictly net, except to regular dealers
who carry our goods in stock. For the convenience of our customers we
recommend that they make their purchases from a dealer in photographic
goods, as by so doing they can save both time and transportation
charges.


CANADIAN KODAK CO., LIMITED,

TORONTO, CANADA.






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Kodaks and Kodak Supplies, 1914, by 
Canadian Kodak Company

